website: Buttons documentation update (#1158)
iTwin/iTwinUI: apps/website/src/pages/docs/button.mdx

<p>{frontmatter.description}</p>

<LiveExample src='Button.main.tsx'>
  <AllExamples.ButtonMainExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

## Appearance

### Default

The default button should be used in most circumstances. If you are unsure as to what button to use, use this button!

<LiveExample src='Button.default.tsx'>
  <AllExamples.ButtonDefaultExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

### High visibility

This is the button to emphasize an action applicable to an area of the page or a [dialog](dialog). High visibility buttons are used to draw the user’s attention to the main action of the page.
There should only be one high visibility button per area of the user interface.

<LiveExample src='Button.highvisibility.tsx'>
  <AllExamples.ButtonHighVisibilityExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

> ### Call to action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Call-to-action
```

The call-to-action button, also referred to as the CTA, is the button that is used for most full page layouts and whole-page overlays (think Next in stepper-like interactions). This is the biggest and most noticeable button.
One call-to-action button per visible page is the rule. Treat it as a large, “CLICK HERE” guide for the user.

<LiveExample src='Button.cta.tsx'>
  <AllExamples.ButtonCTAExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

### Borderless

The borderless button is useful in tighter areas where using a default button would visibly cause too many boxes.

The borderless button is often used by actionable icons in relation to another component.

> They are commonly used within [table](table) rows and widgets. A good example would be the close icon within a modal, toast notification, or alert.

Reviewer: Should there be links to Modal, Toast, and Alert pages?

Author: Removed this part as we are handling close buttons for the user.

<LiveExample src='Button.borderless.tsx'>
  <AllExamples.ButtonBorderlessExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

### Size

There are 3 different sizes available, which can be applied to any button.

The medium size is a default and should always be the first choice, unless there are good reasons to use the small or large version.

<LiveExample src='Button.size.tsx'>
  <AllExamples.ButtonSizeExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

## Button props

<PropsTable path={frontmatter.propsPathDefault} />

## Split button

> Pressing this left side of the button will commit the action. Pressing the right side of the button will open a menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pressing the left side of this button will commit the action. Pressing the right side of the button will open a menu.
```

<LiveExample src='SplitButton.main.tsx'>
  <AllExamples.SplitButtonMainExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

> ### Props

Reviewer 2: I started using `Properties` instead of `Props`.  @jbwriter asked how props might translate, so I figured it would be best to use the full word.

Reviewer 3: "Props" is not just a shorthand, it's the canonical term and we should not deviate from it.
https://react.dev/learn/passing-props-to-a-component

Reviewer 2: Ok, I will revert my branch to `Props` and will share this with Jay.

## Ideas button

The Ideas button is unique and should only be used under certain circumstances. You will need to perform an audit of your application to ensure that the feedback button does not cover / obscure any tools.

If the button does obscure anything important, we suggest adding empty space at the bottom of the page so the user can scroll far enough down that the button doesn’t overlap the underlying tools.

<LiveExample src='IdeasButton.main.tsx'>
  <AllExamples.IdeasButtonMainExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

### Props

<PropsTable path={frontmatter.propsPathIdeasButton} />

## Usage

### Style types

- Use default button just about everywhere.

> - One high visibility button per section (e.g. in a modal dialog, or above the table).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- One high visibility button per section such as within a [dialog](dialog), or above a [table](table).
```

> - One CTA button on a page at a time and should always appear within a dedicated page footer.

Reviewer 2: We define CTA above, but if someone scrolled past it and missed it, CTA might be confusing.

The old site used [`<abbr>`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/abbr) on acronyms.  What do you makes the most sense?  We could consider this in a separate PR just to get this merged quicker.

Reviewer 3: I would just put "(blue)" and "(green)" in parentheses.

`<abbr>` has known accessibility issues.

Reviewer 3: and of course, we can just spell "call-to-action" too.

In addition to that, we can link back to that the sections above.

Reviewer 2: I'd prefer to either link to the CTA section, completely spell out call-to-action, or both (no preference between these).  I would prefer to not say blue or green.

Author: Using call-to-action, still have CTA definition because we use that in props.

## Ideas button

The Ideas button is unique and should only be used under certain circumstances. You will need to perform an audit of your application to ensure that the feedback button does not cover / obscure any tools.

If the button does obscure anything important, we suggest adding empty space at the bottom of the page so the user can scroll far enough down that the button doesn’t overlap the underlying tools.

<LiveExample src='IdeasButton.main.tsx'>
  <AllExamples.IdeasButtonMainExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

### Props

<PropsTable path={frontmatter.propsPathIdeasButton} />

## Usage

### Style types

- Use default button just about everywhere.
- One high visibility button per section such as within a [dialog](dialog), or above a [table](table).

> - One call-to-action button on a page at a time and should always appear within a dedicated page footer.

Reviewer: Nitpicky

```suggestion
- One call-to-action button on a page at a time, and it should always appear within a dedicated page footer.
```

- Borderless buttons should be used in places where a default and icon button could cause too much visual clutter.

> - Icon buttons should not have be high visibility or call-to-action styletypes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Icon buttons should not have high visibility or call-to-action styletypes.
```

### Labels

> Strive for a single action word with a well-understood meaning. Verbs do the best. Remember that all labels will need translation, so if the button absolutely requires a longer string, adhere to the _twentycharacterlimit_ rule.

Reviewer: Nitpicking here

```suggestion
Strive for a single action word with a well-understood meaning such as a verb. Remember that all labels will need translation, so if the button absolutely requires a longer string, adhere to the _twentycharacterlimit_ rule.
```

> - The call to action button is the primary function on the page. There should only ever be one CTA on a page at a time. The call to action always appears within a dedicated page footer so as to make it very clear that the application is awaiting this main input before it can switch modes or views. The call to action button can display a text label, or a text label & icon in combination. Icon buttons should not have this styletype.

Reviewer 3: Make it shorter then. The "can disaplay text label" etc can be removed.

Also borderless button is missing from list
